README.md, before:

# Plotting-High-Dimensional-Data

See the html for ideas about how to general plots of high dimensionality. <http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/CWWhitney/Plotting-High-Dimensional-Data/blob/master/HighDimensionalData.html>

See the folder `Radial` for R script examples of how to plot some interesting things (these are mostly covered in the vignette).

The `mcSimulationResults.csv` file comes out of each `decisionSupport` welfare decision analysis and can be mined for visualizations. See the `MC_Examples` folder for how to extract and compare model outputs from `decisionSupport`. 

To use the files in the `MC_Examples` folder you must download the decisonSupport output files from Dropbox <https://www.dropbox.com/sh/u20heealspgtw86/AADgFCI4XTzEqNm0v0s4q932a?dl=0> they are too heavy for GitHub. 

To solve the problem of files too heavy for GitHub I tried to use `saveRDS`, which may be a work around but is not yet helpful.

MC_Results_HG<-read.csv("mcSimulationResults_HG.csv")

saveRDS(MC_Results_HG,"mcSimulationResults_HG.rds")

MC_Results_UA<-read.csv("mcSimulationResults_AD.csv")

saveRDS(MC_Results_UA,"mcSimulationResults_AD.rds")

Commit message:

add deyails of github file size issue to readme

README.md, after:

# Plotting-High-Dimensional-Data

See the html for ideas about how to general plots of high dimensionality. <http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/CWWhitney/Plotting-High-Dimensional-Data/blob/master/HighDimensionalData.html>

See the folder `Radial` for R script examples of how to plot some interesting things (these are mostly covered in the vignette).

## MC Simulations

The `mcSimulationResults.csv` file comes out of each `decisionSupport` welfare decision analysis and can be mined for visualizations. See the `MC_Examples` folder for how to extract and compare model outputs from `decisionSupport`. 

The simulations files from the Uganda example have over 1 billion data points and are quite heavy. The one containing Monte Carlo results for agricultural development 'AD' is 52MB and the one for homegardens 'HG' is 155MB. 

To use the files in the `MC_Examples` folder you must download the decisonSupport output files from Dropbox <https://www.dropbox.com/sh/u20heealspgtw86/AADgFCI4XTzEqNm0v0s4q932a?dl=0> and store them locally, they are too heavy for GitHub. 

### Dealing with large files in GitHub

To solve the problem of files too heavy for GitHub I pushed with the command 'git push origin master' which allows pushing up to 100MB files. So now the 'AD' file is online. I wil keep trying for options to get files over 100MB in the repository (in repositories in general). 

I also tried to use `saveRDS`, which may be a work around but is not yet helpful.

MC_Results_HG<-read.csv("mcSimulationResults_HG.csv")

saveRDS(MC_Results_HG,"mcSimulationResults_HG.rds")

MC_Results_UA<-read.csv("mcSimulationResults_AD.csv")

saveRDS(MC_Results_UA,"mcSimulationResults_AD.rds")
